hello my lovelies welcome back to my
series of skincare videos and we're
working our way through my evening
routine so I have double cleansed using
the Emma hardy cleansing balm and then
the Orient miracle cleanser and now
we're on to the next stage and now this
stage came about because they had a lot
of skin care problems at the beginning
of the year I started to suffer from
adult acne which had never really had
any problems at all in in that area and
although I'd had the hormonal breakout
occasionally certainly nothing on the
acne level and it really was quite sore
and anything I used that I'd previously
use when my skin wasn't a hundred
percent didn't seem to work and around
this time i discovered the fantastic
skincare guru Caroline hirens and read
her recommendation of a certain product
which I'm sure you'll all recognize the
p50 now this is the sensitive skin
version so it's p50 w and i ordered this
from liberty now i do believe you can't
order it online any longer you have to
ring the store and or you can go for
consultation and this is obviously the
company's recommendations who sell the
product now I use this after my double
cleanse swept it over my face morning
and evening to start with and it really
kicked that acne into touch three or
four days it's a completely gone and I
thought great it's gone I stopped using
it and it came back again so I continued
using it and I've got a little bit left
in the bottom and I started reading a
few more recommendations of Caroline's
and I thought well I'll try those and
hope that they work because this is
fairly expensive it is worth every penny
if you're having skin care issues and
you just can't sort it out seriously
save your pennies by this and I just
hope you get the same results i did so i
stopped using this and i have in
rotation use three of Caroline's of the
recommendations now the first one and
actually just finished using it is the
aveda kinetics exfoliating lotion loved
it but I have to say I went through it
very very quickly the other seems have
lasted longer and I don't know whether
it's consistency I have found there's a
Clarins one which is a little bit more
gel like in its texture and that doesn't
seem to users much but the evader will
work just as well obviously using an
exfoliating lotion that only gets rid of
any dead skin cells which as you get
older they need more help to be gone but
it also balances your pH levels on your
skin and leaves your skin prepared for
the next stage whether that be a serum a
facial moisturizer what whatever you
like to use so i use the evader great
great price it no problems nothing's
return fantastic as I say I have also
been using the clarins gentle exfoliator
this is a brightening toner as well with
tamarind seed and white metal love this
slightly thicker consistency onto a
cotton pad and I use this morning and
evening after my cleanse and it works
perfectly great product good price yeah
and as I say some in rotation so once I
finished using this I also and had to go
with the pixie skin treats glow tonic
again not a product's ugly that you can
buy online and I rang the London storm
there was super helpful and ordered a
couple of these yeah they're coming this
great packaging pump dispenser which is
great to use 200 mil size 250 mils sighs
and yet great product smells really nice
because I have to say
p50 it's not the greatest smelling
product it's sort of vinegar vinegary
and yeah it doesn't remind me of fish
and chips whenever I use it this is a
slightly sweet scent to it but all of
them have just kept my skin level ph
balanced perfect I've had no problems
and totally happy and this is now just
part of my routine I would not stop
doing it so morning and evening after my
cleanse exfoliate once I've exfoliated I
like to spray an antibacterial spray on
to my onto my face now i have been using
the cordially beauty elixir which i do
like and i love it when it's gone over
my makeup as well it gives a nice
jewelry finish but again Caroline hirens
I am currently using this Saros ink so
this is antibacterial totally cleaning
the face ready for the next stage not
available in this country thanks to a
lovely lady on Instagram who put a
website at where she bought hers from
vikki street I believe she's called my
apologies if I've got that wrong but I
will pop a link for her Instagram in the
description box thanks to her generosity
in sharing the website I ordered three
of these and one of them I gave to my
partner's mom and she found it really
helped with sunburn she got caught in
the Sun one day and it really soothed it
and it certainly become as aggressive as
sore as it possibly could have been so
she was very impressed of that I've just
started using it and find the spray than
the quarterly don't feel as though he
using as much lovely on the skin as part
of the skin care routine and equally as
good over the face especially with the
hot weather we've had works over makeup
really freshens everything up but yeah
I've been yeah very happy with it great
product good price it's just a shame
it's so hard to get hold off but I will
pop a link for anybody that's interested
so that's the next stage in my evening
routine we've cleansed
double cleansed we've used our
exfoliating lotion to take off dead skin
cells and rebalance the pH levels of the
skin we've spread our face with an
antibacterial spray the skin is now
ready for the products that I apply on
an evening and I should be doing another
video for you to see those thank you for
watching everybody if you've any
questions please do ask i'll put links
below where you can follow me on my
Facebook beauty page Instagram Twitter
and my blog page as well hope
everybody's well and I shall see you all
very very soon take care bye that's what
all the people see